---
sidebar_position: 2
title: Features
description: GreyCollar features and capabilities
collapsed: false
---

# Features

GreyCollar is a comprehensive platform that offers a wide range of features to support human-AI collaboration,
streamline workflows, and enhance productivity. Explore the key features of GreyCollar below:

import ReactPlayer from "react-player";

<p align="center">
  <ReactPlayer
    width={"100%"}
    height={"100%"}
    controls
    playing={true}
    loop
    url={
      "https://cdn.nucleoid.com/media/618a935b-9b4b-406c-95b5-7223396b8bc4.mp4"
    }
  />
</p>


## [Teams](/docs/features/teams)

Organize your work efficiently by creating and managing teams. Our platform allows you to build structured groups for
better collaboration and workflow management. Each team space is customizable, enabling tailored access levels, roles,
and permissions. This flexibility ensures that all members have the necessary tools and information for their roles.

Teams can also share resources like files, documents, and project updates within a centralized space. This central hub
makes it easier to track project milestones, assign tasks, and monitor progress. Notifications and alerts keep everyone
on the same page, promoting transparency and accountability.

Additionally, team administrators can monitor participation and activity levels, helping foster engagement and
productivity. By providing analytical tools and performance insights, our platform empowers team leaders to make
informed decisions.

## [Colleagues](/docs/features/colleagues)

Stay connected with your colleagues and build a strong network within your organization. Our platform makes it easy to
add and manage professional connections. Each colleague profile displays key details such as availability, expertise,
and current projects, encouraging collaboration based on skills and mutual interests.

Advanced search and filtering options allow users to find the right colleague for specific tasks or discussions. You can
also create groups based on departments, interests, or projects to streamline communication and foster teamwork.

The platform supports status updates, making it easy to see when a colleague is available for discussion. Notifications
for birthdays, achievements, and work anniversaries add a personal touch and strengthen relationships among team
members.

## [Async Chat](/docs/features/async-chat)

Communicate effectively across time zones with our powerful async chat feature. Unlike real-time messaging, async chat
allows users to leave messages that team members can respond to at their convenience. This feature is ideal for
distributed teams working across different schedules.

Threads help organize discussions around specific topics or tasks, ensuring that important conversations are easy to
follow. The platform also offers message pinning, tagging, and search functionality for easy access to essential
information.

You can share files, links, and documents directly within chats, streamlining project collaboration. Notifications
ensure that users stay informed about relevant updates, without the pressure of immediate response.

## [Task Execution](/docs/features/task-execution)

Streamline task assignment, tracking, and completion with our intuitive task management feature. Create tasks, assign
them to team members, set due dates, and monitor progress in real-time. The platform offers customizable task views,
filters, and sorting options to help you stay organized and focused.

Task dependencies and subtasks allow you to break down complex projects into manageable steps. Notifications keep team
members informed about task updates, deadlines, and assignments. With task comments and attachments, you can provide
context, feedback, and additional resources to ensure successful task completion.

## File Sharing

Simplify collaboration and document management with our secure file sharing feature. Upload, store, and share files
within team spaces, projects, or chat conversations. The platform supports a wide range of file formats, including
documents, images, videos, and more.

Version control and file history tracking ensure that you always have access to the latest updates and revisions.
Granular permissions and access controls allow you to manage file sharing settings and restrict access as needed. File
previews, comments, and annotations facilitate feedback and collaboration on shared documents.

## Notifications

Stay informed and engaged with our comprehensive notification system. Receive real-time updates on project activities,
task assignments, chat messages, and more. Customizable notification settings enable you to choose the types of alerts
you want to receive and how you want to be notified.
